update modelfile readme (#3371)
ollama/ollama: docs/modelfile.md

There are two ways to view `Modelfile`s underlying the models in [ollama.com/library][1]:

- Option 1: view a model's layer table:
  1.  Go to a particular model page (e.g. https://ollama.com/library/llama2)

>   2.  There is a table that displays all the layers of the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2.  There is a table that displays all of the model's components
```
